Update session-behavior with 3p cookie notes.md (#119211)
Azure/azure-content: articles/active-directory-b2c/session-behavior.md

When the user initially signs in to an application, Azure AD B2C persists a cookie-based session. Upon subsequent authentication requests, Azure AD B2C reads and validates the cookie-based session, and issues an access token without prompting the user to sign in again. If the cookie-based session expires or becomes invalid, the user is prompted to sign-in again.  

> *Note:* If the user is on a browser where third-party cookies are blocked, there will be limitations with single sign-on or log-out due to limited access to the cookie-based session. Please look towards Microsoft's recommendations to developers on [how to handle third-party cookie blocking](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/identity-platform/reference-third-party-cookies-spas). The most user-visible impact is that there will be more interactions required for sign-in and front channel logout will not immediately clear authentication state from federated applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>[!NOTE]
>If the user uses a browser that blocks third-party cookies, there are limitations with SSO due to limited access to the cookie-based session.  The most user-visible impact is that there are more interactions required for sign-in. Additionally, the front channel sign-out doesn't immediately clear authentication state from federated applications. Check our recommended ways about [how to handle third-party cookie blocking in browsers](/entra/identity-platform/reference-third-party-cookies-spas). 
```
